README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Artem 👋

📍 **Almaty, Kazakhstan** | 📱 **iOS Developer** | 👨🏻‍💻 **SwiftUI + AI**

![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swift-FA7343?style=flat-square&logo=swift&logoColor=white)
![SwiftUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SwiftUI-0062D3?style=flat-square&logo=swift&logoColor=white)
![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-iOS-000000?style=flat-square&logo=apple&logoColor=white)
![Xcode](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Xcode-147EFB?style=flat-square&logo=xcode&logoColor=white)
![Claude](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Claude-000000?style=flat-square&logo=anthropic&logoColor=white)

> Building iOS apps and exploring SwiftUI. Currently at Salmon Group Ltd.

## Current Projects

- 🎨 **[asset-catalog-viewer](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/asset-catalog-viewer)** - VS Code extension for .xcassets preview
- 🔮 **[horoscope](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/horoscope)** - Dev horoscope powered by Foundation Models
- 🐛 **[TranscriptDebugMenu](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/TranscriptDebugMenu)** - Debug menu for LanguageModelSession transcripts
- ⌨️ **[shortcuts-mcp-server](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/shortcuts-mcp-server)** - Shortcuts + MCP = ♥️
- 🔌 **[claude-code-plugins](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/claude-code-plugins)** - Claude Code plugins collection
- 🆕 **[iOS-26-by-Examples](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/iOS-26-by-Examples)** - Hands-on iOS 26 feature examples

## Latest Blog Posts

- [Rendering Markdown in SwiftUI](https://artemnovichkov.com/blog/rendering-markdown-in-swiftui)
- [Foundation Models profiling with Xcode Instruments](https://artemnovichkov.com/blog/foundation-models-profiling)
- [Working with partially generated content in Xcode previews](https://artemnovichkov.com/blog/partially-generated-content-preview)
- [Handling WebView navigation in SwiftUI](https://artemnovichkov.com/blog/webview-navigation)
- [Using WebKit to load web content in SwiftUI](https://artemnovichkov.com/blog/webkit-swiftui)

## Connect

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@iosartem-1DA1F2?style=flat-square&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/iosartem)
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/badge/-artemnovichkov.com-FF5722?style=flat-square)](https://artemnovichkov.com)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Artem_Novichkov-0077B5?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/artemnovichkov)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Follow-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/artemnovichkov)

Commit message:

Remove blog post link from README
Removed a blog post link about using WebKit in SwiftUI.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Artem 👋

📍 **Almaty, Kazakhstan** | 📱 **iOS Developer** | 👨🏻‍💻 **SwiftUI + AI**

![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swift-FA7343?style=flat-square&logo=swift&logoColor=white)
![SwiftUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SwiftUI-0062D3?style=flat-square&logo=swift&logoColor=white)
![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-iOS-000000?style=flat-square&logo=apple&logoColor=white)
![Xcode](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Xcode-147EFB?style=flat-square&logo=xcode&logoColor=white)
![Claude](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Claude-000000?style=flat-square&logo=anthropic&logoColor=white)

> Building iOS apps and exploring SwiftUI. Currently at Salmon Group Ltd.

## Current Projects

- 🎨 **[asset-catalog-viewer](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/asset-catalog-viewer)** - VS Code extension for .xcassets preview
- 🔮 **[horoscope](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/horoscope)** - Dev horoscope powered by Foundation Models
- 🐛 **[TranscriptDebugMenu](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/TranscriptDebugMenu)** - Debug menu for LanguageModelSession transcripts
- ⌨️ **[shortcuts-mcp-server](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/shortcuts-mcp-server)** - Shortcuts + MCP = ♥️
- 🔌 **[claude-code-plugins](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/claude-code-plugins)** - Claude Code plugins collection
- 🆕 **[iOS-26-by-Examples](https://github.com/artemnovichkov/iOS-26-by-Examples)** - Hands-on iOS 26 feature examples

## Latest Blog Posts

- [Highlighting code blocks in Markdown with SwiftSyntax](https://artemnovichkov.com/blog/highlighting-code-blocks-in-markdown-with-swiftsyntax)
- [Rendering Markdown in SwiftUI](https://artemnovichkov.com/blog/rendering-markdown-in-swiftui)
- [Foundation Models profiling with Xcode Instruments](https://artemnovichkov.com/blog/foundation-models-profiling)
- [Working with partially generated content in Xcode previews](https://artemnovichkov.com/blog/partially-generated-content-preview)
- [Handling WebView navigation in SwiftUI](https://artemnovichkov.com/blog/webview-navigation)

## Connect

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@iosartem-1DA1F2?style=flat-square&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/iosartem)
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/badge/-artemnovichkov.com-FF5722?style=flat-square)](https://artemnovichkov.com)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Artem_Novichkov-0077B5?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/artemnovichkov)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Follow-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/artemnovichkov)
